Backup: make steps procedural, add related links (#32286)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/backup.markdown

## Restoring a backup

> Backups created via the **Backup** integration are located in your a subdirectory named `backups` which are located in your [configuration directory](/docs/configuration/#editing-configurationyaml).

Reviewer: Remove "your" in "located in your a subdirectory".

Author: Thank you! https://github.com/home-assistant/home-assistant.io/pull/32318

## Restoring a backup

> Backups created via the **Backup** integration are located in your `/config/backups` directory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Backups created via the **Backup** integration are located in your a subdirectory named `backups` which are located in your [configuration directory](/docs/configuration/#editing-configurationyaml).
```

The {% term "Home Assistant Container" %} installation typically mounts this directory via `docker-compose.yml` or `docker run` to a directory of your choice.

The steps on recovering from a backup depend on the installation type and use case. Follow one of these steps:

1. If you use {% term "Home Assistant Operating System" %} or {% term "Home Assistant Supervised" %}:

>    - The restore functionality is already built-in.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
This is implied with the next step.

   - Follow the steps described in [Restoring a backup](/common-tasks/os/#restoring-a-backup).
2. If you use a {% term "Home Assistant Core" %} or {% term "Home Assistant Container" %} installation:

>    - A Home Assistant backup is just a tar file of the `/config` directory, plus some metadata.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - A Home Assistant backup is just a tar file of the [configuration directory](/docs/configuration/#editing-configurationyaml), plus some metadata.
```
`/config` only exists in the containers, not for core so we should link to the explanation here.

   - To manually restore a backup, use the following command:

     ```shell
        tar -xOf <backup_tar_file> "./homeassistant.tar.gz" | tar --strip-components=1 -zxf - -C <restore_directory>
     ```

3. If you migrate from a {% term "Home Assistant Core" %} or {% term "Home Assistant Container" %} installation to {% term "Home Assistant Operating System" %}:
   - You can use these backup files during [onboarding](/getting-started/onboarding/) to recover your installation from backup.

> ## Manual configuration
> 
> The backup integration is enabled by default. If you've disabled or removed the [`default_config:`](/integrations/default_config/) line from your configuration, the backup functionality won't be available. Follow these steps to re-enable the backup integration.
> 
> 1. In your [configuration file](/docs/configuration/), re-add the following entry:
> 
>     ```yaml
>     # Example configuration.yaml entry
>     backup:
>     ```
> 
> 2. Go to {% my system_dashboard title="**Settings**" %} and in the top right corner, select the three dots menu and select **Restart** > **Restart Home Assistant**.
>    - **Result**: When it has started up again, you will find a new **Backup** entry under ({% my backup title="**Settings** > **System** > **Backups**" %}**).
>    - The backup files are stored in a new **backups** subdirectory in the root of your configuration directory, `/config/backups/`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

While you _can_ add this yo your configuration, doing so does nothing as this integration is always loaded regardless.
https://github.com/home-assistant/core/blob/a213de3db5524b065d56f9ba7a9d7d187ec6176b/homeassistant/bootstrap.py#L171
